howdy Internet people it's deep goat
again
so looks like US troops may stay in
Syria to protect the oil fields kind of
throws the arguments of his supporters
into shambles doesn't it bring them home
they said but they're not coming home
even those that are leaving Syria
they're just going right across the
border into western Iraq to wait because
they got to go back and they know it he
didn't want to participate in the
illegal occupation
I guess not because he's anti
interventionist anti imperialist an anti
colonialists Donald Trump the great
leftist right yeah he's an anti
imperialist as long as uh US troops can
stay and protect the natural resources
that the US wants to extract from the
country pretty sure there's a term for
that
he's just a piece lover as he threatened
war with Iran again all of this it has
the the pundits on TV the political
analysts it has them all just don't
crazy saying that it's ad hoc it's
helped her skelter it's confusing his
foreign policy it's it's just
unpredictable that's not it's completely
predictable look at the effects look at
the effects the largest non-state actor
was driven away who does that benefit
with publicly and shamefully betrayed
our allies in their time of need
who does that benefit makes it almost
impossible for us to recruit indigenous
forces overseas who is that benefit
creates propaganda to use against the
United States in relation to state
actors so Russia can tell Greece hey
better be careful look what the US will
do to you
who's that benefit undermines the entire
US position overseas it was that benefit
strengthens
one group of bad guys inside Syria
giving the u.s. a black eye they
couldn't even defeat this rabble in fact
their decisions led to them being
strengthened there's that benefit when
they move back into other countries do
you think those countries are going to
look to the US again for help and
therefore advance US interests or do you
think they're gonna look to another
country and then it turned the only
other superpower present and to the
power broker of the Middle East
Turkey's meeting with Russia no this is
not unpredictable it is not health or
skelter it is not confusing it is not ad
hoc it is completely predictable if you
accept the one assessment all of us
intelligence agreed upon from the very
beginning
so your choices are well either the US
president is so utterly incompetent that
he can destroy US foreign policy with a
single decision and be so disorganized
and uncommunicative with the Pentagon
that they're terrified now they're
drawing up random plans for
contingencies in case the president just
loses it again so either he's a complete
idiot or he's a useful one either
he's just really that incompetent or
we're living in a Tom Clancy novel and
the President of the United States is
compromised
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night